{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green76\blue180;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Instructions:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 IMPORTANT
\i0  \'96 because we used the Qt framework for our graphical user interface, to compile our project, you must have Qt installed. There is an open source version available and it can download it at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.qt.io/download-open-source/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.qt.io/download-open-source/}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 You are required to create an account during the install process. Once installed, open the MainSystem folder and open the .pro file. It should be noted that when you click the green \'93run\'94 button, it will create a new build directory. \
\
We also used pscp.exe in our program which we did not create. It can be found at:\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/download.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/download.html}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 It should also be noted that the \'93pscp.exe\'94 file and the \ulnone \'93device_ips.txt\'94\ul  must be copied into the Data folder for the program to run correctly. (Our program builds the Data folder when executed). Also, in order for the \'93Push\'94 button to work, our second program must be running on a raspberry pi (or other computer) and that device\'92s IP address must be entered into the device_ips.txt file.\ulnone  - If you run our second program, the one meant for a raspberry pi, on another computer, you will have to use the task manager from ctrl+alt+delete to exit the program because it is created so that it launches into full screen mode on execution and there is no exit button.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Because Qt is a large download, we included an already compiled version of our programs with the necessary .dll files that can be ran on a 64-bit windows computer. To run, open the server.exe or the client.exe file within the Compiled folders. Windows might block it from running because it is an unknown application, just select \'93More Info\'94 and allow it to run. If that does not work for some reason, we also included screen shots in the report demonstrating everything. One last thing to mention is that the .cpp and .h files house the code we have written. The other files are generated by Qt to handle the interface.}